All right now that we learned about that plot live let's go ahead and have a quick set of exercises
for you to complete.
And then after this lecture we'll go through the solutions.
This will finish off for us and will then head off to a series of lectures on pandas visualization.
If you go ahead and go to the visualization that Cutlip pandas folder and then go to the subfolder for
his or one map plot lib.
You should see a notebook called Map pilot exercises as well as another note book called Map Cutlip
exercises solutions.
We're going to walk through just the exercises notebook.
Let's go to it now.
OK.
Here I am at the map plot lip exercises notebook and these are just some exercises for reviewing that
lib.
Definitely take your time with these.
If this is your first sign evidently in fact lib it can definitely be tricky to understand at first
although these are relatively simple plots and they follow along with a lot of what we did in the previous
three lectures.
If you really dislike that map plotless syntax he found that frustrating just wasn't for you.
Don't actually worry about it too much because often throughout the course we're going to be using pandas
built in visualization capabilities which are a lot simpler to work with.
However those are built off of that play live which is why it's still so important to get at least some
exposure to plotless.
And it's quick now all the commands for plotting a figure should go in the same cell separating them
out into multiple cells in the Juber notebook may cause nothing to show up.
They have a set of exercises here and you have some data.
So remember to run the cell to actually find the data.
You have an x y and z set of arrays.
You're going to import map lib and then you'll see that live in line.
If you're using a Jupiter notebook and there's a command here like what you use if you're not using
the Juber notebook I'll go ahead and do this first one for you.
So again all you have do for the first want to say import.
Map plotted the PI plot as Piazzi and then you'll set map plot lib in line.
If you aren't using the Jupiter notebook remember at the end of your cell you'll need say peel t that
show or at the end of your code you'll need say PBT touch show to actually show the visualization.
All right.
After that there's Exercise 1.
Once you create this following figure remember that if you're going to create this falling figure here
it's probably a good idea.
You don't overwrite it is if you select the cell and click here insert cell above then you'll have a
little extra cell here to work with.
That way if you run it you don't accidentally overwrite this then exercise to create a figure object.
Put two axes on it x 1 and x 2 again so you don't overwrite this.
You can do just insert cell above or below.
And then you can run stuff in this cell such as Prince high.
And then you won't overwrite the output here then what you're going to do is plot x and y on both axes.
Now again remember this you need everything that corresponds to this particular image in a single cell.
So you can end up doing is copy and paste what you wrote up here to get these two grids to show up and
then paste the here and add in x and y to both axes then you'll continue along.
Create the three here with this particular two sets of grids then you'll copy and paste that here in
add an X Y and Z arrays.
OK.
So continue on to exercise for Petey's subplots and this will just have you practicing a little bit
on subplots and plotting x and y on the axes.
And I want you to play on the line with In Style the way does that to be exactly like this.
Just play around so you can mess around with styling.
And then also see if you can resize the subplots.
OK.
So feel free to treat this as an exercise or if you really want to you can treat it as a code along
hop over to the next lecture.
And we're going to code through solutions.
Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.